[8.7] [DOCS] Fix links to aggregation-based visualizations (#198854) (#198934)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

`visualization:visualize:legacyPieChartsLibrary` has been removed from *Advanced Settings*. The setting allowed you to create aggregation-based pie chart visualizations using the legacy charts library. For more information, refer to {kibana-pull}146990[#146990].

*Impact* +

> In 7.14.0 and later, the new aggregation-based pie chart visualization is available by default. For more information, check https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/8.7/add-aggregation-based-visualization-panels.html[Aggregation-based visualizations].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 7.14.0 and later, the new aggregation-based pie chart visualization is available by default. For more information, check {kibana-ref-all}/8.7/add-aggregation-based-visualization-panels.html[Aggregation-based visualizations].
```
